README.md, before:

# db-cpdb
![capital spending](https://github.com/NYCPlanning/db-cpdb/workflows/capital%20spending/badge.svg) ![CI test](https://github.com/NYCPlanning/db-cpdb/workflows/CI%20test/badge.svg)

## Instructions: 
1. Edit `capitalprojects_build/version.env` to include the latest version name. e.g. `fisa_{year}`. Also edit the `sql/projects_spending_byyear.sql` file to reflect the current year. 
2. Git add and commit with `[build]` in commit message to trigger a build. Note that this build will incorporate the previous `capital_spending` table from last build. 
3. Since the checkbook NYC script needs the latest `maprojid` to do the request, we will run the scraping process after `[build]` 
and in order to trigger a scraping process, do a git commit with `[scrape]` in the commit message
4. The scrpaing process will take about 4 ~ 5 hours, after it's done, run build again by doing a git commit with `[build]` in the commit message to in corporate the latest `capital_spending` table scraped from checkbook NYC

Commit message:

Refactor Main PR (#66)
* reorganize repo

* update dependency

* try again

* modernize export

* modernize archiving

* use jinja templating for making a pivoted table

* use jinja templating

* use copy as  to_sql method

* resovle importing issues

* default to use digitalocean as cpdb file delivery method, and adding command that would generate sharable url for a private link (expires in 7 days)

* adding agency verified table to repo since its not changing

* correct typo

* alter column name to ensure consistency for dot bridges

* adding edc ferry and change name cpdb_capital_spending to capital_spending

* update schema

* last bug fix

* allow running on all branches

* update readme

* fix export

README.md, after:

# db-cpdb

![capital spending](https://github.com/NYCPlanning/db-cpdb/workflows/capital%20spending/badge.svg) ![CI test](https://github.com/NYCPlanning/db-cpdb/workflows/CI%20test/badge.svg)

## Instructions

1. All the relavent commands for running cpdb is wrapped in the cli bash script `./cpdb.sh`, please read the file for more details.
2. The capital spending scraping process should be done right after we load `fisa_capitalcommitments` to data library. A seperate bash script will import  `fisa_capitalcommitments` to bigquery and we will create export the capital spending table `cpdb_capital_spending` via a bigquery command (see `bash/11_spending.sh` for more details)

> Note that this process is triggered via workflow dispatch

3. Make sure to edit the `version.env` file to reflect the current fiscal year.

> Note that a cpdb build is triggered by a push event to the repo. The output files will be stored in subfolders named after branches.

4. Since cpdb is still a private database. You can generate a pre-signed sharable link using the `./cpdb.sh share` command. Run `./cpdb.sh share --help` to see instructions.

> Note: the url will only be valid for 7 days.
